181	Anyway, this foul-mouthed gentleman will explain everything to you himself, and in the meantime I'm off to wallow in the tender mud straight from Rakhish to the songs of "Heshi"... Boss, don't be surprised by the bill if it comes to that, I'll cover everything out of my own pocket.
182	Go on, get out, you dumpster roe-squirter! You've spawned so much of your filth there aren't enough reeds to go around! And you yourself, <Player>, aren't you by any chance... Well, yes, whatever, I don't care right now.
183	Today you have been granted the lucky chance to speak in person with the honored holder of the Orders of "Saaba" and "Hidden Power", absolute winner of the all-galactic contest "Mister Smashface 3270", the first in history to hold as many as eight "Kalkite Tips", distinguished master of stone-club combat and hereditary rart from the great planet <clr>Ramgatru<clrEnd>, Lieutenant General <clr>Bumbyr Bargabyrvsrat<clrEnd>! And now - applause... Well, I see you haven't been taught good manners. Then maybe you're at least a decent warrior? Your organization has a good reputation in my circles, and the matter I want to propose categorically does not tolerate wimps.
184	As you hopefully know, the <clr>klissan threat<clrEnd> is once again hanging over our Galaxy. It wasn't enough for us to have the filthy tin cans, now this green proto-filth has crawled out of every crack too! On top of that, unlike the klissans from the old history textbooks, these vermin use fundamentally new weapons and equipment and a completely different tactic for attacking systems, so all our historical combat tactics turned out to be ineffective against them. Only the pirates somehow manage to cope with them sometimes, in some inconceivable way, but that's not what we're talking about now.
185	The leading minds of the elite maloq design bureau "First Grag" have developed a brilliant plan for liberating the occupied systems from the klissan invaders. As is well known, every klissan flotilla is accompanied by a neurolink, which provides constant communication with the brain center of all klissans - Makhpella. If it is destroyed, the remaining klissans will act far less cohesively and, most importantly, will no longer receive any reinforcements. And so, quite recently the best maloq minds of the bureau have developed a new weapon, unique of its kind, designed specifically for fighting klissan neurolinks. What, you don't believe it? Ha! Well, you don't have to believe it at all, since I'm not paying your hirelings for faith.
186	And now - straight to business. You and your gang of half-soldiers will have to take part in a special military operation to liberate the <TargetStar> system. The planet <BeginPlanet> in the <BeginStar> system has been chosen as the assault unit's rally point. The deadline for completing the operation is <EndDate> <clr>AD<clrEnd>. In case of success, every participant of the operation will be awarded a commemorative certificate with my autograph, and your organization will receive the gratitude of the top ranks of the Coalition military command. Oh, and the sum of <Cost> cr., of course, will also be paid to you upon completion from the maloq military-science fund - don't doubt it. And by the way, refusal is not accepted, since this concerns Galactic sec... *growing radio interference*
187	Yeah, "not accepted" - sure thing... We could send him so far that Chekvushechka's ear sinuses would refuse to work for a month! Red-nec... faced rabble! But first think it over carefully, boss - do we even need this? They can shove their certificates up their bargabyrvsrat, but the money they're offering is decent. And closer ties at the top of the Coalition certainly wouldn't hurt us. It's just that I suspect the "esteemed" general simply decided to skim the budget. He'll give us <Cost> and draw a couple of extra zeros in the reports! I can smell such scams a parsec away, I'm guilty myself, heh-heh! And he said nothing sensible about the enemy, just filled our ears with his regalia, I bet purely to distract attention. I don't feel like getting into this, boss, the klissans didn't penchecrack the inhabited space so terribly in the past for nothing... Still, the final word, as usual, is yours.
188	*You enter the Manager's office. Only one monitor is on out of... No, you don't have the time to count them all. Elayma sits quietly, his hands aren't conducting in the air as you're used to. You call out to your faithful assistant.
189	Chiefi, hi. Soriry, I fougght loong, but Aka Sezyanka goti me at laast... It haas a stronger efeect on me than on othier faeyans, a mentoal ovverloaad is hapening in aall loobes of my braain.
190	The kliissans haave come, can you imagiine? How cuold it haave hapened? Aall my calculatioins saaid it was impossibile! I couldn't withstaand the mentoal shoock, forgive me, chiefi. I didn't beliieve it. For soo long I didn't beliieve! I thouoght... I wanted to thiink that aall the data coming in was wroong, that it was juust some terrorrists dissguised as them. But todayy a contraact aarrived from the Council. They want to retaake the systeem captuured by the kliissans. It's aall official! The documeents are heere, reaad for yourseelf. The kliissans haave returnied, chiefi!
191	*With these words Elayma finally slipped into a vegetative state. You called the medical team, since you knew that Aka Sezyanka can be treated. Apparently the shock was so great and sudden that even the Nekentida himself no longer had the strength to reach for his communicator. You took the documents Elayma had pointed to.
192	*So... The <TargetStar> system has been captured by the returned klissans. The system is extremely important and must be retaken. Aha, the system is so-o important that after <EndDate> <clr>AD<clrEnd> its capture is no longer of interest to the council. Surely some high-ranking bureaucrat left something important there, and there's the real reason for the "importance"! At least they're not proposing to fight the greenies with our forces alone, an assault unit is gathering in the <BeginStar> system. On the planet <BeginPlanet>, noted. What else is important? Incredible recognition and respect from the Council, kissing the backsides of everyone involved in case of success... Not that. Ah, here! <Cost> cr. to our organization personally! Now that we can work with, that's worth thinking about. We need to decide what to do.
193	The Armed Forces just aren't what they used to be... The Coalition has rotted, grown weak. During the First War even the big-brained faeyans fought the klissans to the death! They didn't give up a kilometer of space without leaving pieces of their armor in it! Pirates joined forces with the military in the face of the threat! So, what was I saying?.. Right! Commander, the Council has sent us a request. They say the situation at the front is getting worse and worse, the returned klissan ships are burning the military down by whole squadrons. They're even ready to turn to mercenaries for support. For my ancestors to go bowing to miserable profit-hunters?! Oh, sorry, commander, I forgot who we are ourselves. The times aren't what they used to be...
194	Let's get to the point. The most advantageous system to attack, in the General Staff's opinion, is <TargetStar>. Supposedly there are fewer klissan ships there, they're worse equipped, and even the pirates have managed to batter them! I checked through my friends at HQ - complete nonsense! Or rather, all of it is possible, of course, but nobody has received any data. The staff rats are fighting over a piece of cheese in the form of a cozy spot, so they keep composing reports, each more beautiful than the last! If the system is liberated, they'll say "who got the data? Thanks to whom is all this?". If the operation fails, they'll wriggle out, saying it took so long to gather, the information was outdated, it's the KLISSANS after all! Who knows how fast they restore their combat power? Intrigues in wartime... If my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather were alive, he'd have them all!.. By the neck and into the airlock without a spacesuit! Yeah... So we should expect the klissan ships to be at the peak of their armament. The battle can't be easy, losses are guaranteed. The fighters are ready for that, of course... But it's impossible to assess the difference in firepower. We may fly straight into the penchecrakus's maw without even our underwear, completely powerless to fight back. I won't hide it, commander, the present-day klissans scare even me a little. That doesn't mean I'll give them even a speck of dust within our territories! Only over my dead body! But they've changed, grown stronger. Or maybe it's a different species altogether, I don't know. Let the egg-heads from the science department think! My job is to hit the trigger at whoever I'm told! But I fear more for the fighters, commander. They're like brothers to me already! Even if every one of them is a crook, I personally picked each one for your army! I brawled with many of them at holidays. Someone even managed to punch me in the face once, heh! But the decision is yours, of course. You have more information about the situation in the Galaxy, you'll figure it out better.
195	If we agree, you and your squad will have to arrive at the planet <BeginPlanet>. It's in <BeginStar>, but you surely know that already. The strike group is waiting there along with a coordinator from the General Staff. He'll give more detailed information. Also, those staff rats have set a specific deadline for the operation - by <EndDate> <clr>AD<clrEnd>. By then, as my friends tell me, the Council is preparing a meeting on personnel reshuffles. You understand yourself, if a report about the liberation of a system from the real, genuine klissans lands on the Council's table, those who planned the operation may climb the ranks as if on jet thrust. We're guaranteed a hefty reward of <Cost> cr., plus the support of those who get promoted. And they'll get promoted for sure, gobsaurus belches! Without lifting a finger! They promise to recommend us to the General Staff for further Coalition operations with solid pay for the work. What shall we do, commander? The decision is yours alone.
196	Chief, hello! We have a small problem. Because of the recent Jam-2019 epidemic there's been a budget overrun - huge sick-leave payouts! Every other employee of ours leaves the workplace with either a stomachache or the runs, hiding behind this disease. And our own medical bay hands out certificates left and right! The upshot is that work is at a standstill, profit is at a standstill, but expenses are not standing still! Only I`van is standing... right at the trading terminal, playing the stock market for all he's worth, wrecking the galactic economy together with that Taram-Pam, curse him! Where are you buying on the rise, you dope? You sell on the rise and buy on the dip! Everything has to be taught... Anyway, finances are melting, prospects aren't rosy. I have a few options, but they involve cutting staff, slashing salaries, introducing fines. We could also replace a good part of the employees with AI, but I don't like all this technocracy... People should work, and AI should only help! Nevertheless, there's a way out!
197	I'm sure you know the situation at the front better than I do - the klissans are back and raging. But what's a terrible enemy for the Coalition is a sure way to make money for us. Unfortunately, the HQ is full of overly proud humanoids. They think that since they beat the klissans once, they'll handle the second coming without any problem, so we can wait for them to turn to outside organizations up to the third coming of the klissans! I had to pay for some officials and military men to take a trip to the beaches, to draw their attention to us. This is called "premium access", not corruption! As a result, one of the operational commanders contacted me. I tempted him with big discount promotions in honor of the "hundredth order", keeping quiet about a multitude of small accompanying expenses, which were in fact raised in price. Wave a bone at a gobsaurus and you can drag a planetary tank out of its lair on your back - a tactic that has worked for centuries. The total price of the contract comes to <Cost> in galactic currency. I assure you that even in case of the complete loss of ships and the costs of hiring and training new pilots, we'll stay in the black if we succeed. That will let me start legal proceedings against the "truants" and plunge them into a debt pit. They thought they could play with me? Thought I wouldn't outplay them?! I will! They shouldn't have hidden behind such a serious disease that kills billions of humanoids!
198	If you're ready, take command of the squad. The rally point is the planet <BeginPlanet> in the <BeginStar> system. <TargetStar> is the system that needs to be rid of the klissan presence. The operation must be completed by <EndDate>, after which we'll start incurring colossal associated losses, and it will be easier to terminate the contract than to continue fulfilling it. What's your opinion, chief?
199	<color=255,240,100>Coalition</color> contract to capture the <TargetStar> system (<color=255,240,100>klissans</color>)
200	What are you staring at, <Player>? Better focus on the battle and don't distract me, because I'm not used to allied colors - in the heat of battle I might take your mercenaries for klissans...
201	So you decided to get into the grown-up business after all? You've got guts if you want to lock horns with the klissans. The main thing is, don't get under our feet, and better yet sit quietly on the sidelines and watch real, incorruptible heroes fight!
202	Hey, have you lost your minds over there? Did the klissans pay you more?
203	CHARGE! CHAAARGE, AKABOS'S BROOD!!! I'LL SHOW YOU A "TALKING TOASTER" RIGHT NOW!!!
204	Hey! Hey!!! Can you hear me?! Please, help me! I'm a famous faeyan scientist, and these thick-headed cretins stuffed me into a tranclucator for criticizing their stupid plan to pack robots with explosives and send them at the neurolink. I beg you to take measures to rescue me as soon as possible! The timer on the bombs has already activated, the countdown has begun. I REALLY, truly need to get out of this degenerate abominator urgently. Hey, this is no joke - SAVE ME!!!
205	I have negative forecasts regarding the final destination of my flight. My master did not tell me the final destination of my flight. Although he usually always tells me the final destination of my flight. Do you know the final destination of my flight? Did the master not tell you the final destination of my flight? What should I do after I reach that enormous green structure? I ask you to tell me the final destination of my flight. TELL ME THE FINAL DESTINATION OF MY FLIGHT, PLEASE!!!
206	BOOM
207	BANG
208	WHAM
209	Damn mercenaries, you're the last thing we needed here!
210	Got it, boss. I'll send <clr>Golubenko<clrEnd>, because I'm sick even of being in the same room with him now. While he's at it, let him ask how much a children's entertainer for tadpoles costs, ha-ha!
211	The fighters already know, what do you think I have two pairs of hands for? With one you pat a lady, with the other you pick her pockets, ah, youth! The main thing is that the lady doesn't pick yours, ha-ha-ha!!!
212	Pepper is a fairly rare resource, and I'm against giving it away for free. But if it helps in battle, which I and my calculations refuse to believe, then go ahead, chief.
213	Launch orders have been sent to our fighters' communicators. Anything else?
214	Yes, commander, the right decision! I'll send <clr>Peredast<clrEnd> to the council and pass along instructions for frequency coordination with him. Ah, my hands itch to get into a ship myself and blow their whole sharashka outfit to klissan hell! But duty demands I stay at the base and watch over the youngsters.
215	Fighters! Five minutes to readiness! To your ships!!!
216	People... price tag on the platter! Everyone must be useful in proportion to the pay they receive. If the military can't cope on its own - and the pilots in the Space Forces ranks get huge sums -, then such humanoids aren't worth a penny! The main thing, chief, is to deliver our guys in maximum condition. I've already sent the takeoff order to the pilots once they're ready, by the way.
217	Tell the clown we'll take it.
218	No, I'm not upset on behalf of the less developed, it's just the fire suppression system dripping. We'll take it, let's give the pirates some pepper!
219	In ancient times, hands were chopped off for deceit. But we are civilized beings, we take the head right off! Get the boys ready!
220	We'll help the military, maybe we'll save a few human lives.
221	That's true, boss. Sending some clown to our respectable organization, both literally and figuratively! Let them keep playing in the silt, minnows, and we'll take something solid and better paid.
222	I doubt the Coalition will involve even one humanoid younger than reproductive age in the operation, and the battles will surely take place in space without the use of sand. If there are any more tasks for me, I'm ready to begin solving them!
223	Commander, are you sure? And what if the Coalition doesn't cope, and I get screw... I mean, if those hackers carry on with their fraud? But what to do.... Order accepted, we're sitting on the stool nice and straight! Any more orders?
224	Well said, chief! Outsourcing is a good thing, but not with such high risks. Clearing the rubble of their ruined forecasts for such ridiculous money? Yeah, right! Is there anything else you wanted to ask, chief?
225	Forget them, it's some gobsaurus circus! Let's decline!
226	No, I'm not upset on behalf of the less developed, it's just that condensation has built up. We decline, let the kids frolic in the sandbox on their own.
227	Work with Galpol? I refuse! And it'll serve you as a lesson!
228	No way. They overslept the awakening of the Clan themselves, now let them sort it out themselves.
229	Some weirdo showed up here, clearly just escaped from an asylum for the severely mentally unwell humanoids. Whoa, how I twisted that, ha! He could go on stage right now and read odes. My niece would definitely like it, ha-ha! Anyway, this guy wants a personal audience. I don't know what kind of humanoid he is, but he says he works for military intelligence and that we've got everything wrong. Apparently that's his spy image, yeah, for camouflage. The idiot, for such a show they'd carry him out of Dzuhallag in pieces to the nearest swamp. Shall I bring him in?
230	Hey, <clr>Rusty<clrEnd>! Drag that clown over here! And bring <clr>Noggin<clrEnd> along, for backup!
231	Don't sweat it, boss, we won't take our eyes off this beauty, and if anything happens, all twelve of our hands will twist him up so that a Möbius strip will look like a child's toy! And here he is, the spy-y-y!
232	P-please forgive me, dear <Player>. Tell your subordinates not to keep me at gunpoint, I'm a b-bit afraid!
233	I'm not a spy! You've m-misunderstood me! I'm just a simple cleaner at the General Staff of the Coalition C-Council. And it's me they forced to fly to you! They threatened to take away my annual salary! What? Why am I in a clown costume? For secrecy, of course! Enemies are everywhere, so my bosses forcibly advised me to change my appearance...
234	T-the thing is, we've learned about a secret convention of the most dangerous hackers in the Galaxy, which will soon take place on the planet <TargetPlanet>. I was sent to arrange a full-scale joint operation with you to capture the <TargetStar> system.
235	If you succeed, the command is ready to allocate <Cost> cr. from my... Oh, I mean from the military budget. And please, <Player>, wrap it up by <EndDate>, otherwise we, that is, they won't have time to set up a blockade of the system, and all the hackers will vanish from the radar.
236	All right, take the poor guy away, it hurts to look... And somebody mop the floor after him already! A terribly disgusting sight. Though such an approach isn't bad... In Dzuhallag, rumor has it, there's a separate training program: "how to discharge a physiological fluid of the right color in the right amount at exactly the right time". So what do you say, boss? They're offering decent money, it seems.
237	Chief, I accidentally hacked the Coalition General Staff servers again. This time honestly accidentally! Their IP address is 197.23.34.789.5678 with port 37895, and I needed 197.23.35.798.4676 with port 37995. The chance of making a mistake was a whole 0.000000000000000006 percent! I'm currently struggling with Aka Sezyanka once again, my brain activity isn't quite perfect. Now, to business. This server is reserved for communication between the highest-ranking military officials. They were discussing the pirate Clan's activities. Gathering the most important information, one can sum up - they very much dislike the situation in the military confrontation with the pirates. The hub system <TargetStar> was captured and must urgently be retaken. An assault operation by <EndDate> was discussed. From the tactical and strategic data presented, one can conclude that they won't succeed. The Coalition's technical superiority is obvious, but numerically the pirates can outnumber the military many times over. The maximum figure obtained by the simplest calculations is 7. Not 7 times, just 7. I'm telling you, the calculations are the simplest, and only maloqs will understand what they mean. The outcome, as I said, is unambiguous - the Coalition will not retake the <TargetStar> system on its own. But with our help...
238	For a long time now, the military rosters of the coordination HQ staff have listed a certain Warrant Officer Vzadov. A completely fabricated identity of mine, but leading an active social life to create an illusion of liveliness. Don't ask why, the explanation would take 7 years, 3 months, 24 days and exactly 14 minutes, provided that your brain is extracted from the cranium and connected directly to mine, similarly extracted. I don't want that, though I'm not sure about you. The warrant officer was immediately "promoted" by me to the rank of brigadier general, which let him join the discussion. "Vzadov" put forward a proposal to involve mercenaries in the operation, which raises the operation's chance of success to approximately 99.457474 percent. Of course, "Vzadov" fibbed a little, the chance rises to 99.457676 percent, but who in the Council could grasp that in two minutes? In any case, everyone liked the proposal, and 7 minutes and 12 seconds ago our organization received the contract document for providing military support. The reward "Vzadov" offered was greatly underestimated, but it still amounts to a decent sum of <Cost> credits.
239	So, I've voiced all the input data, all that's left is for you to perform the logical analysis and make the decision that will ensure the most advantageous course of development for our organization. Or will your decision be influenced by the chemical reactions that you, the less intellectually developed humanoid forms, call "feelings" and "desires"? How hard it is sometimes to understand you...
240	Commander! I've been waiting for you! Here's the thing... Not long ago I got a call from StarBank's security service, they said there was suspicious activity on our accounts. They said I had to transfer all the money to a safe account, otherwise the funds would be blocked. I was stupid, I believed it... You see, I recently bought equipment from... Well, through old army connections. I didn't break the law, commander, believe me! It was all supposed to be scrapped, and I signed on as a contractor for the scrapping. What difference does it make how it happens - at a plant or in battle, right? Anyway, commander, they took all our money, can you imagine? Down to the last credit! And they mocked me too, gobsaurus belches! I tried to bring in our guys, but those scammers know their business. Our capabilities turned out to be too small. I got fleeced like a baby, what a shame!
241	But I've sorted it all out! I have everything recorded down to the last credit! What was bought, for what, to whom and when it was sold, a complete recording of the conversation with those scumbags from "StarBank" with transcripts of all frequencies and signatures! When I contacted the representatives of the real StarBank, I naturally didn't hope for anything. I'm the fool myself, but I had to try every option. As soon as I started transmitting the data, I was immediately connected to the Economic Crimes Unit. I thought, that's it, they'll shut down both me and... the old army connections. But no! They almost started licking me, said that thanks to my data they had finally been able to pinpoint the hackers' location! And the guys were still laughing at my suspiciousness, calling me paranoid! What do they know anyway?!
242	Anyway, in gratitude for helping to uncover the criminal group, they ordered StarBank to return everything stolen down to the last credit. I was also told that preparation has begun for an operation to catch or destroy this group, and since the entire <TargetStar> system is captured by pirates, it will be liberated along the way. And we, as having a personal grudge against the hackers, even received an offer to take part in the operation for a decent reward of <Cost> cr. We can not only take revenge but also earn quite a bit! Make up your mind, commander!
243	Hello, chief! Just look at him!.. I`van! Stop fooling around, your Dragon isn't going anywhere, march over to sort the papers, student! Ugh... A man in his forties, and still playing with toy ships. A dream, you see, the man has - to send people to colonize the neighboring arm. Well, to business!
244	We have a high-paying offer from the Coalition Council. Once again the HQ figures want to rake the coals with other people's hands. They couldn't handle the Dominators - they revived the Ranger corps, without which - sorry, but these are facts - the inhabited space was living perfectly well. Now they can't handle the pirates - so they bring in mercenaries. It's nice that our organization is in good standing, they turned to us first of all. I've indexed the documents received, singling out the most important among them. <clr>The most important<clrEnd> is, of course, our "salary", namely <Cost> in credits. The purpose of the approach to us is next in importance. The military offers us to take part, as an associate, in liberating the <TargetStar> system from the pirate ships cruising in it. They'll take on the ground operation themselves, and we don't have the technical capability anyway - the "family holiday" protocol had to be closed because of the overrun. The most routine part is the rendezvous point with the strike group. You and a squad of our pilots must meet the commander of the space operation on the planet <BeginPlanet>. After that it's a small matter - follow the group, destroy the enemy and return to the organization. The tranche should go through automatically, but just in case I'll personally keep in touch with the StarBank representative, deputy of Gref, Ms. Nagibulina. I've already... well, not just once, they've tried to swindle me at this StarBank! I know how they work! Sergo won't fall for a dorm mortgage at -30% daily again, oh no, sir! Anyway, I'll keep my hand on her pulse while you earn our bread and butter. And last in importance - everything must be completed by the deadline of <EndDate>. There's time to spare, and they won't pay extra for speed, so you needn't rush. At the same time, the death of Coalition pilots is no excuse for not showing up to work, so to speak. With them or without them, we're obliged to fulfill the contract. On the matter of reputation and significant material losses - I've prepared a plan for loading ammunition and pumping the reactors with active substance with a big margin, in case of any force majeure. The death of our pilots shouldn't be allowed either, training newbies to our standards costs a pretty penny. That's how it is, chief. What do you think?
245	<color=255,240,100>Coalition</color> contract to capture the <TargetStar> system (<color=255,240,100>pirate clan</color>)
246	Don't break radio silence over trifles, <Player>. You know perfectly well what to do.
247	Supreme Command expresses its gratitude to you, <Player>, and to all pilots of the <PlayerOrgName> organization for the brilliantly conducted military operation! We hope for further cooperation.
248	Group, take positions! Battle formation alpha, prepare for imminent hyperjump!
249	Filthy mercenaries, you're worse than pirates! At least they have their own code of honor, but nothing is sacred to you!
250	Group, destroy the traitors!
