326	*A mighty thunderclap of a blow lands on your chest, and Vdubas's jumpsuit splits at the seams. You feel a warm trickle running from your ear. You'll have to see a doctor.
327	...irates want to attack, can you imagine?! Filthy p!..
328	*Oh-oh-oh, hello!..
329	...ral Lareneg reported. A faeyan, scrawny, but his head is on straight, and he has a warrior's heart! Or hearts? How many do these hom have?..
330	*Right, I need a doctor. And Vdubas even forgot that I asked him to speak in a whisper...
331	...he <TargetStar> system will be under attack until <EndDate>, and then the pirates will go to h!..
332	*From time to time you stop hearing even your Manager's mighty heartbeat. You just want to lie down and listen to Motsk Rta instead of all this.
333	...at do we decide, commander? I can't abandon my comrade! The Coalition, you know yourself, isn't what it used to be! These gan!..
334	*You're holding on with your last strength. You can't show weakness in front of a subordinate. Don't sleep, Ranger! You have no time to lose consciousness!!!
335	...will transfer <Cost> cr. to us for the help out of his own funds. Honest, commander, I vouch for it! And his word still carries weight in the Council. Shall we move out?
336	Chief, an urgent message from Coalition HQ! And this time it's truly urgent - it was backed with a certain sum of credits to skip the queue on the server. A small innovation by our little I`van, the so-called premium access. I think he copied it from Pashka Duraleyev, but the main thing is that it works! Right now all the profit goes to internal expenses, but who knows, maybe we can take off with it and get into the black.
337	Anyway, the Fleet is offering us a lucrative contract to defend one of their systems. A very sad picture has developed on the metal market, prices are rising by leaps and bounds. The Fleet council came up with the idea of solving this problem with a massive strike on the pirate fleet, followed by collecting the wreckage and equipment, and chose defensive tactics as the best one. Using Telegraff, they reached one of the barons and enraged him with the most unflattering words. There was everything - walks with his mother, the place by which he ought to be standing, and which exact bird he is - the full set! But the set turned out to be overkill, and Fleet HQ doubts it can withstand the attack being prepared according to intelligence data. For this reason they turned to us.
338	The system <TargetStar> will come under attack. It will have to be defended until <EndDate> - by that time mining quarries will be built in place of a number of protected forests, which will return ore extraction to pre-crisis levels. For keeping the system from being lost they promise us a decent sum, though the greedy Fleet manager was so reluctant to part with every penny that I had to use the very same expressions they used to anger the pirates. But I managed to squeeze out as much as <Cost> cr., which is 56% higher than our competitors ask! By the way, I'll ask you not to overdo it on defense. I invested quite a bit in building the new mining operations, and it would be a little sad if the forests were cut down for nothing - nobody will refund my money if the initiative suddenly falls through.
339	Contract failed. The <TargetStar> system was captured by pirate forces. The Council is deeply disappointed by your failure.
340	Contract fulfilled. The pirate offensive on the <TargetStar> system was successfully repelled. The Council thanks you for your excellent work!
341	Contract to guard the <TargetStar> system against a <color=255,240,100>pirate</color> raid
342	Sources in the Coalition military department confirmed that today, with the support of the "<clr><PlayerOrgName>"<clrEnd> organization, pirates captured the <TargetStar> system. The Coalition Council urges local residents not to lose hope and to await a swift liberation from the yoke of the accursed occupiers, and also expressed concern over the active performance of the "<clr><PlayerOrgName>"<clrEnd> organization on the side of the pirate clan.
343	Got it, boss! I'll send <clr>Golubenko<clrEnd> to let them know. I wonder, if you put him in the ring with that dead-beat Shcheshchtyoyka, who'd win, huh?.. All right, a-a-at ease, got it, boss! The order has been sent to the boys, and I'd bet on ours!
344	Will be done, chief! Or rather, it was done 2.37 seconds ago. Already 4.14 seconds ago. 6.43... 7.12...
345	And also, if your ship's controls are dirty, we have our own ship-wash. Just say the word, and it will take me less than a second to put in an order for dry cleaning your ship both outside and inside.
346	No excesses during working hours, commander, I'm keeping an eye on that! <clr>Peredast<clrEnd>, my boy, fly to the client, tell him we agree. Just be careful, don't talk to strangers on the way, who knows these pirates?
347	Fighters! Warm up your engines!
348	Got it, chief, I'm giving the fighters the launch order. And why should I deliver it myself? Let Max have a look at a real pirate!
349	Tell him I give the go-ahead. Start preparing for the operation.
350	You're damn right! We'll have to get our hands dirty, but we'll agree. Accept the contract!
351	The pirates' warm regard may come in handy. Rally the people, Vdubas, and pick the most neutrally inclined ones. We have no use for excesses.
352	Give the fixer a positive answer. We're in!
353	Will do, boss. I'll go send the messengers to go and fly far away fast. Wow, I'm almost a gaal poet! But the classics are always better. Hop-stop, we flew up without haste, hop-stop, we stopped the trader...
354	About professionals, I'd have a scientific discourse with you, but as you say, I won't dispute your tasks. Also, I didn't understand what you're afraid of. I haven't observed cannibals among pirates in any large numbers, and your arm would only fit into a maloq's mouth, and they aren't the absolute majority. The chance of such an outcome is less than one percent!
355	Send them there! Porco madonna, dium pesto per baco castello!!! Dene brano hemare, inches arvestih, tscham duralya!!! Sorry, commander, I got carried away. But since they're no longer our clients, I can allow it!
356	Depends where you look, chief. At one time I was selling happiness in all its manifestations. A profitable business, and the humanoids are happy - everybody's happy. I still have links on the galanet, need them?
357	And still, he's vile too. Give them our refusal.
358	The CHO are professionals, while working with pirates is dangerous - give them a finger and they'll bite off your arm to the elbow!
359	I refuse! I mean, not to give orders. Giving orders to someone has always been my dream. Strength, power, impunity, ooh!.. I refuse to take the task, let them sort it out themselves.
360	You can't buy happiness with money, my friend Sergo... Turn the fixer down, we're not interested right now.
361	Boss! You couldn't have come at a better time! A few days ago, messengers from the Clan arrived. Some veteran bouncer with half his teeth missing and a poor wretch in terrible physical condition whom the Veteran - he just didn't deign to introduce himself, you see! - called "Shcheshchtyoyka". They brought a device with a video recording specially for you. But as Chekvusha once said in childhood, when she deftly swiped my code picker for other people's terminals: "you gotta share!" And so you've shared it with me, boss, ha-ha! But alas, it's scary to watch alone - there's such a creepy type in it... Like from the movie "Not One of Us" with Sigarney Shifer! So, putting the recording on the screen...
362	So... This one's not the one, too early. This one's vile too, but tolerable, now...
363	Boo! Scared?! Ha, I'm kidding, it's just a plain faeyan. All right, listen to what he wants.
364	"Good galaday, <Player>. Let me briefly outline the situation for you.
365	The Clan urgently needs to gain control of the <TargetStar> system. Why - is none of your concern. The Clan needs a one hundred percent guarantee of success, and in such matters relying on our slackers is a lost cause. Several proven fighters will be waiting for your boys in the <BeginStar> system, from where you will deliver a decisive strike on the <TargetStar> system.
366	The system must be captured strictly by <EndDate>. In case of success you will receive the Clan's gratitude in the amount of <Cost> cr., as well as my own positive review. And don't take too long to answer - the brotherhood doesn't like to wait."
367	Brazen one, may a penchecrakus gnaw him... "Doesn't like to wait", sure. Until the Dominators started steamrolling the Coalition, they did nothing but sit and wait, cowards. So what answer should I pass to the ones who brought the recording?
368	Hello, chief. Do you know about a disease like Jam-2019? Its proper name is STARS-PoV-2. It also has many strains, the most famous of which is "unicron". It isn't the deadliest of modern diseases, with a mortality of only 7.123456% to 12.345678% depending on the particular race, but its contagiousness is phenomenal! According to preliminary calculations, a thousand infected humanoids on one planet would be enough for the whole galaxy to be exposed to the disease within a decade! And, the most terrible part - precisely this number of infected, according to data the CHO keeps from the public, is about to gather in the <TargetStar> system! And then no quarantines, no spacesuits, no self-isolation will save the galaxy! The CHO is preparing to take measures, but knowing their level of overcaution in matters of public health and the rights of sentient humanoids, they won't resort to any radical measures, and with a probability close to one will simply ask citizens to stay home and wear respirators. I assure you, chief, it won't work, I analyzed all the data on epidemics, starting with the "Tasty Bat" event that happened on Earth more than a millennium ago.
369	But there is a way out! If it is impossible anyway to fully restrict the social activity of humanoids, then why not channel that activity in an absolutely destructive direction? Anarchy, banditry, looting, mass riots - make the infected exterminate each other themselves! If you say that's cruel, I will say to you "oao yayuary atim ylfshvo". In the present situation my words make as much sense as your possible opinion. The CHO has never been distinguished by efficiency in its work, which means that without radical methods the entire inhabited galaxy is put at risk! And one of the post-Jam consequences is a decline in cognitive functions! I cannot allow my genius to be lost because of a bunch of humanoids who don't think about those around them!!!
370	Sorry, chief, communication with emotionally primitive humanoids is taking its toll... So, anarchy. How to achieve it most effectively and quickly? Hand the system over to the Clan! I offered them our services for capturing the <TargetStar> system, using for guarantee my digital phantom Warrant Officer Vzadov, who is firmly seated in the Protestantism of the Coalition Council, and "leaked" "secret" "data" that the system is "unprotected" and "very lucrative". They found the offer interesting. Of course, any such offer will interest them, they live by the principle "as much as possible, and we'll figure it out later", so it makes absolutely no difference what is being captured. We agreed on a sum of <Cost> cr., which I consider damn small for saving my intellectual potential, and along with it all sentient humanoids, but in the course of the dialogue I found out that the intelligence of the pirate command is so low on average that it wouldn't even notice the post-Jam consequences, so I didn't even use that argument. As a result we have a contract that is financially profitable for us personally and intellectually useful for the entire galactic arm. But we must hurry, chief, the critical number of Jam-2019 carriers will be reached at 14:37 galactic standard time on <EndDate>. If we don't make it, we risk losing decades of intellectual evolution!
371	What a vile type, huh? What should I tell him, boss?
372	Commander, the Clan is offering a contract. We need to capture... a Coalition system. How I hate working with pirates, especially against the Coalition... But if you're called a Drakkar, get in the warship! I knew what I was flying into, I understood that mercenaries make their living by more than good deeds.
373	Anyway, these... rascals - let's not call potential clients names - desperately need the <TargetStar> system. Nobody told me why they need that one, they just started cursing when I asked. I haven't heard such dirty and beautiful expressions since boot camp! Our sergeant Rit Vratarsky would have shed a tear! From old memory I can guess that the system is convenient for intermediate hyperjumps. Merchants, passenger transport and just tourists - space trafuck on the level of the capital systems! Is it correct to say "traffic"? My fault, commander, I'll correct myself! Anyway, a strategically important point. At boot camp Surovov himself drilled us, so the lectures still pop up in my head. In nightmares, mostly, but still! At least I've heard nothing about any casinos with yahtzee and fallen humanoid girls in this system.
374	The system's importance may be underlined not only by their extreme reluctance to talk about it, but also by the urgency of the reward - the capture must be carried out no later than <EndDate> AD, otherwise there won't even be talk of severance pay, but in case of success we get <Cost> dirty, surely bloodstained pirate credits. The Clan's respect is guaranteed too. Though what respect? They'll stick a plasma knife in the back even of their best friend if it's profitable! I don't want that money, I'm not waiting for that money, but you're in command here, commander. Give the order!
375	Chief, a message has arrived from the pirate Clan's public relations manager, or, as he calls himself, a fixer. Anyway, this "fixer" contacted us to resolve a delicate matter - an attack, for subsequent capture, on a Coalition system. This individual's qualifications leave much to be desired, of course, but he managed to convey the main information. Owing to a number of circumstances, the Coalition's investigative department managed to bust several of the Clan's dens and seize a considerable fund of common money and valuables. According to information available to the Clan, this "common pot" is currently in one of the federal vaults somewhere in the <TargetStar> system. Due to the lack of precise directions, the pirates can't carry out a raid, and they lack the forces to capture and then blockade the system. I made some inquiries about the group the "fixer" represents and roughly calculated what savings they might have had, so I bargained us an excellent sum for this contract of <Cost> cr. Provided, of course, that we manage the capture by <EndDate>.
376	You may be indignant, of course, how can a Ranger help pirates, but relationships come and go, while credits stay in the account. Besides, I`van really likes pirates as a concept, he says sometimes "Pirate Bay" is better than overcoming millions of subscriptions to services. Shall we please the kid, chief?
377	Contract failed. Your organization failed to meet the deadline. The Clan is deeply disappointed by your failure.
378	Contract in progress. You must join up with pirate forces on the planet <BeginPlanet> in the <BeginStar> system, then launch a joint strike on the <TargetStar> system. The system must be captured before the specified deadline.
379	Contract fulfilled. The <TargetStar> system has come under the control of the <color=255,240,100>pirate clan</color>. Payment of <Cost> cr. has been transferred to your organization's account. The Clan thanks you for your excellent work!
380	<color=255,240,100>Pirate</color> contract to capture the <TargetStar> system (<color=255,240,100>Coalition</color>)
381	Reward for completion: <Cost> cr. and <Reputation> <color=255,240,100>Clan reputation</color> points
382	Chief, don't chicken out. It'll be fine - it's not our first time on this kind of job.
383	Told you it would work out, and you didn't believe me! It was a hell of a brawl - now we'll have something to tell the brothers.
384	By the way, Mr. <clr>Woo<clrEnd> gave your outfit as many as four stars on <clr>"Mercanaut"<clrEnd>, and that's worth a lot.
385	Hm, the guys seem seasoned, maybe something will even come of it. Mr. <clr>Woo<clrEnd> must have raised a fuss for nothing. Okay folks, check the guns - warm the engines, and then forward and with a song!
386	What?! Shoot our own!!? Go to the devil with such quirks!
387	Hey, brothers - take down the roosters!
388	Pirate clan fighters, together with mercenaries from the <clr>"<PlayerOrgName>"<clrEnd> organization, recently carried out a brilliant operation to liberate the <TargetStar> system from the Dominator aggressors. Nevertheless, Coalition military analysts express concern over the pirate clan's engagement of additional third-party forces.
389	Yes, boss! I'll pick the best of our guys for the operation and make <clr>Golubenko<clrEnd> sweat blood to strike a deal with Itzibit to take the kid's ship in for upgrades!
390	Shiners under the eyes? Why, very practical! Connect them through the neurointerface, install adjustable diaphragm reflectors, heat-sink radiators... It's still unclear to me why one has to be intoxicated and get into fights for this, but I suppose the Clan has difficulties with anesthetics during implantation operations. Ingenious!
391	Ah, yes, the order for our fighters to prepare their ships for launch has already been sent, chief, don't worry.
392	Yes, sir, commander! Maybe we'll learn a little about their SCP and that Lester. <clr>Peredast!<clrEnd> This time you don't need to deliver anything, all communication is only through a special channel. Go knock back some ekup, you've earned it!
393	Fighters, quit swilling hooch in the bar! Time to earn money for solid drinks! To your ships!!!
394	Yes, chief! We'll strike while the iron's hot! The fighters are at readiness zero, I never doubted your decision! Wait, those guys are calling again!
395	Rejoice, scum, we have accepted your... Max? Is that you?! You managed to escape? So, you won a pile of assorted scrap metal at cards, got access to the workshop, made yourself an armored suit and fought your way out... Sloppy work, I`van, in an economist's job the main weapon is diplomacy and politics! Come back soon, a mountain of paperwork is waiting for you.
396	Phew! False alarm, chief! Don't tell I`van how worried I was about him, or he'll relax and study badly. Look, you heard it yourself, he must have taken your example, starting an armed clash with superior enemy forces. And there's another thing. Backing out of the contract is no longer possible. It would cost us our reputation, we'd lose the profit... and also I paid the boys an extra bonus out of my personal account. For motivation. I'll weep if this investment doesn't pay off.
397	We're in! If the job works out - take yourself a bonus, buy your niece new armor plating.
398	I'm sure the brightest lanterns at a pirate celebration are the ones under the eyes after drunken brawls. Send the consent, we'll help the youngsters have fun.
399	Now that's interesting... If he's a big shot, he can put in a word for us with the Clan too, and the money's decent. We're in!
400	Got you, prepare everything needed, we launch immediately!
401	Ha! Oh, you know how to joke, boss! Thanks, that cleared my head. I'll tell the pirates we refuse. Is there anything else you need from me?
402	Chief, among the known sentient races there are neither dragons nor golden creatures. Regarding human biology I am aware of the concept of "golden shower", but I'm not quite sure it relates to your words. Can you explain what you meant?
403	Fine, commander, I understand.
404	Fighters! Keep swilling hooch with tears in your eyes, we rest today!
405	I... understand, chief. I've memorized the data on our fighters' equipment, so I'm not... Wait, those guys are calling again!
