121	Whatever you deem necessary, chief. Your chance of dying in the operation is only 4.2%, while the chance of me being discovered within the next 13 thousand years is 0.0000001%. And the efficiency of dressing a sheepskin depends on many factors: the breed of the sheep, its physical health, the tools used, the master's professionalism, the market price, and 174 more factors if you take the trade relations of an average human planet and an average maloq planet, as the coldest ones in need of various insulating goods. Want me to recite them all and derive the ideal conditions for trading sheepskin?
122	Excellent! I can't stand working with such... commanders, ugh! Will there be any more orders?
123	Very sensible, chief. To the layman, a mercenary's life is worth nothing, so anything can be expected, and then I'll have a mountain of paperwork to file...
124	Hangar section, fifth maintenance dock, do you copy? You may continue the Mark-2 experiment, there won't be any launches for now.
125	If you've got something to keep me busy, chief, I'm all ears.
126	Turn them down! That'll teach them to threaten a great Ranger!
127	Elayma, have you lost your mind?! What government server hacks, for crying out loud? Knock it off! And call off the operation, the sheepskin isn't worth the tanning!
128	No, my bones ache, it must be the magnetic storms. Send him off somewhere far away, politely if possible!
129	They must want to use us as a human shield. Let's decline, I guess.
130	Chief, we recently received a letter... Yes, yes, an ordinary letter, in a paper envelope. I've seen maybe three of those in my whole life, and only in movies. Ha! It reminded me of our meeting. I should have given you a paper letter like that instead of the tablet, that would've been a laugh! Ha-ha! And a real souvenir for my little Chekvushechka, not a piece of code in the form of your autograph!
131	Anyway, a worker bee from the Coalition General Staff is writing to you. Let me open and read it myself, you never know what might be in there, all sorts of quantum gases going around these days... Let's se-ee... Uh-huh... That's not interesting... And here's some more nonsense... Well, I get the gist.
132	If you skip all the formalities like "Help me, for the love of God!!!" and "If you don't agree, I'll be scrubbing generals' latrines for the rest of my life!", it talks about a planned attack on the Dominator-held system <TargetStar>, where we're invited to take part for a decent sum of <Cost> cr.
133	The system must be liberated by <EndDate> at the latest, otherwise the attack will be deemed a failure and we'll all be "cursed to the seven hundred seventy-seventh generation".
134	They're all so jumpy over there, these military types. So what should I tell them?
135	Chief, hi! As you surely know, our base is equipped with everything needed for long-term autonomous operation. We have not only fabricators, synthesizers and a great many assembly lines of various purposes, but also systems for collecting and processing various... Some call it "resources", but by my objective calculations of useful-element content, I'd call it all garbage inclusions! Asteroids, streams of gas and dust, ship wrecks - all garbage! Out of a ton of raw material, no more than 0.0001% of anything truly useful can be extracted! But fortunately, the inhabited galaxy has an abundance of this stuff right now. 17 supernova explosions in the neighboring arms created powerful shock waves, riding which asteroids, dust and interstellar gas arrive to us. And with the arrival of the Dominators there have been even more battles, which has increased the amount of all sorts of materials floating freely in space.
136	But there are things we have to buy one way or another. I'm not counting food and medicine, and those can be obtained on our own in case of dire need, but nodes!.. As you know, nodes are the result of merging klissan protoplasm with our technology. Either because of nanomachines, or because of the protoplasm adapting to the digital code of those robots that were dumped on Gralgar. I don't know the details, but I do know that nobody has fully mastered the actual creation of pure nodes. Not even the geniuses of the underground pirate syndicates, not even I myself, yes, yes! And yet nodes are now used not only in making micromodules, but in practically all military equipment! You can find residual traces of node matrices in every acryn! Not to mention that our fighters, and other Rangers who come to us, may use samples of purely Dominator technology. We have to buy nodes, honestly and dishonestly, everywhere we possibly can! Otherwise we can't even repair ourselves! We badly need nodes, chief, and collecting them after battles with the Dominators doesn't always work out.
137	And fortunately, chief, I know where we can get them! I hacked the Council's central military department... Yes, it was illegal, yes, it was done cleanly, and no, it wasn't hard, it's not my first time. What? Where else am I supposed to get classified information? Anyway, I found out that the <TargetStar> system, according to the General Staff, is the most advantageous target for an attack. Besides, I drew up an official contract in our organization's name on behalf of Warrant Officer Vzadov, with an obligation to pay us <Cost> cr. in case of success. Our Vzadov has been "working" in the sweat of his brow as a minor clerk for several months now, successfully jokes in work correspondence, and a couple of human women don't mind going on a date with him. Although I actually made Vzadov a maloq, since they're the dumbest, sorry, simplest and most straightforward of humanoids, and their psychology is easiest to understand and replicate. I'm too good at everything I take up.
138	For greater plausibility, I set a not-too-late completion date for the operation in the contract - by <EndDate>. And I filed a request for fire support from the Council. Officially, of course, we'll be the fire support for the operation, but even by public information, our fighters exceed the average soldier by 54.79 percent in technical equipment and combat skills. The probability that it will be our mercenaries covering the Coalition soldiers tends to absolute values! Preliminarily, none of the soldiers will survive the attack. I don't see what's so cruel about that. Three of them will die in a drunken bar brawl in two weeks anyway, one will get a report from the tax office next month and with 97% probability will walk out the airlock, and the fifth will win 20,000,000 credits in a lottery, invest them in the development of a new AI by the Tyson company, which will go mad, launch a thermonuclear strike on all the capital planets, destroying 300 billion humanoids, and then set about destroying all living things in the galaxy! That's pure mathematical calculation! I'd show you, but your brain would stop functioning at the mere sight of the formulas. Anyway, chief, their outcome is already decided by the most honest judge - mathematics, and it's of great benefit to us, because right behind your group my mini-tranclucator collectors will enter the system, tasked with collecting absolutely everything that contains node matrices. I don't demand an immediate answer, I do understand how great the difference is between the performance of my brain and that of all the other humanoids of our arm.
139	Commander, sorry for the mess, we had a... demining process going on. You see, we got a paper letter! And that's how we pass the most secret reports, with a self-destruct function. A few grams of explosive in the face is nothing to us maloqs, but there are lots of weak aliens around here, and the property isn't government-issue. So I ordered it blown up in advance, at a specially prepared spot. Not the property! The envelope. The boys got a little carried away... But don't worry, commander! We restored it using the maloq... Mulecule... Anyway, we restored it! You can even read it!
140	Bring the printout!
141	Aha... Weakling! But what do you expect from an alien? Rear-echelon rat... Anyway, some alien from the Coalition General Staff is begging for help. He's been ordered to lead an operation to clear a Dominator-held system, but his knees are shaking so badly that he's ready to turn even to mercenaries for fire support. I bet he's even more scared of the pres... Perspe... Pers-pec-tive, that's it! The perspective of scrubbing generals' latrines if he fails is what scares him. He's offering us <Cost> cr. Where does that kind of money come from? Bribes, I'm telling you, commander.
142	The operation must be carried out by <EndDate>, otherwise the attack will be deemed a failure. Then that rear-echelon rat will surely bawl to the whole galaxy about how unreliable we are, and we can forget about any good contracts from the Coalition. Shall we take it?
143	...Technical work results report to the fourth desk. Take the certificates of conformity from the third one, second stack from the left, sheets five through thirty-six. Call I`van Max, enough of his playing with toy cars, let him do some real work. Oh, chief! One second...
144	Okay, I've switched on the background noise suppression field, now we can talk in peace. There's a job from the Coalition. Not a simple one, but a golden one, as they say. Fleet HQ wants to hire our group as reinforcement for liberating the <TargetStar> system. At least we won't be the ones charging into the inferno, and that's something! To be frank, I don't support this venture. Our squads have already run into the Dominators, and I know perfectly well how costly the repairs are after such "dates". On top of that, a deadline has been set for the liberation operation, and a pretty tight one - until <EndDate>. What are they even thinking over there? Properly filling out the flight sheets alone can take longer than that!.. I wrung the messenger dry, down to the last penny! I bargained out a sum of <Cost> cr. I could have gotten more, but I felt sorry for the guy, he was already getting ready to sign a donor agreement for most of his organs, just so he wouldn't have to explain a budget overrun to his HQ bosses. What did they expect? It's business! He even tried to haggle, ha! I've forgotten more than most people know about this at the eloquence courses in Koo-Ree! Something like that, chief. What do you think?
145	I need to think
146	Contract failed. Your organization failed to meet the deadline. The Council is deeply disappointed by your failure.
147	Contract in progress. You must join up with the warships on the planet <BeginPlanet> in the <BeginStar> system, then launch a joint strike on the <TargetStar> system. The system must be captured before the specified deadline.
148	Contract in progress. You must capture the <TargetStar> system before the specified deadline.
149	Contract fulfilled. The <TargetStar> system has come under the control of the <color=255,240,100>Coalition</color> military forces. Payment of <Cost> cr. has been transferred to your organization's account. The Council thanks you for your excellent work!
150	<color=255,240,100>Coalition</color> contract to capture the <TargetStar> system (<color=255,240,100>Dominators</color>)
151	Reward for completion: <Cost> cr. and <Reputation> <color=255,240,100>Council reputation</color> points
152	Now we'll find out what your mercenary lads are made of, <Player>. Show us what you're worth.
153	"Excellent" work, <Player>! Thanks to you and your boys, the general's villa is saved, so he'll surely recommend your organization to the neighboring departments soon.
154	Do your job and don't distract me!
155	Oh, looks like this is the promised backup. The general must have been really itching to retake his villa if he even decided to shell out for mercenaries. Well, that's his business.
156	Squad, fall in!
157	Hey, have you lost your minds over there? Did the Dominators pay you more?
158	Squad, redirect the guns, target - the mercenaries of the <PlayerOrgName> organization!
159	Ugh, I really don't want to drag the boys into this... All sorts of nasty tales about the klissans go around the galanet. I should write out bonuses for them before takeoff... And not forget about the wills, of course.
160	I'll send <clr>Golubenko<clrEnd> to talk to this mug, otherwise if I do it myself, I'll spit on the monitors so much that no cleaner will be able to scrub it off!
161	*Once you've discussed the details, the medical bay contacts you. Elayma is fully recovered and ready to get back to work. And here he is now!
162	Chief, sorry you had to worry about me. I still find it hard to grasp what happened, but I promise it won't happen again! At worst I'll always have time to seek medical help. I've already received data that you've agreed to the operation. Well, I wish you success, since the chance of your personal survival in the battle is damn small. But don't worry, that's only due to a lack of data on modern klissans. The margin of error in my calculations is three orders of magnitude, which makes them useless in principle! I've already informed the fighters, they're ready to launch within 19 minutes and 17 seconds. Oh, Warrant Officer Vzadov hasn't shown social activity for 30 minutes and 23 seconds. That could compromise him. 8.45 seconds, chief, I need to go through the self-study guide "How to Be the Heart, Bones and Flesh of Any Interracial Company". Meanwhile, think about whether there will be any more tasks for me.
163	Well, commander, an order is an order. <clr>Peredast<clrEnd>! Fuel up the ship, you'll report in person that we're taking it. I don't trust the airwaves in such matters.
164	I'll go treat the boys to a drink, maybe?.. You never know how it'll turn out, war doesn't ask whom to let go and whom to... Ugh, whatever! Tonight I'll drink myself under the table myself, to your luck, commander!
165	The squad is ready to launch, chief! The panic from the prospect of meeting the klissans has been suppressed with bonuses, so rest easy!
166	Tell him we're in.
167	*Meeting the klissans is scary, but the promised reward has crushed your fear. You dial the number specified in the contract to give a positive answer
168	Don't despair, the klissans may be scary, but our technological progress hasn't stood still either. It'll be different this time, I assure you! Write to those Council folks that we agree.
169	Credits are good, with credits our HQ will become strong and mighty! Put your squiggle on it!
170	Right, chief! Let him look for suicides elsewhere. Better to wait for an offer that has nothing to do with the klissans. Otherwise our boys might catch some proto-plague - and then we'll blow all the bonuses on medicine ourselves. Not in the sense you might think, boss! For "that sense" we've got everything covered at the base, ha-ha!
171	*After you listen to threats and curses, accusations of cowardice, vileness and a complete lack of patriotism, the medical bay contacts you. Elayma is fully recovered and ready to get back to work. And here he is now!
172	Chief, sorry you had to worry about me. I still find it hard to grasp what happened, but I promise it won't happen again! At worst I'll always have time to seek medical help. I've already received data that you declined the operation. Well, I can't blame you. On the contrary, I fully support it, since the chance of your personal survival in the battle is damn small, to say nothing of our fighters! The Coalition military should become wreckage in the first days of battle! Of course, all the pessimism of the calculations is only due to a lack of data on modern klissans - the margin of error in my calculations is three orders of magnitude, which makes them useless in principle! -, but nevertheless it's still the same impartial mathematics. Oh, Warrant Officer Vzadov hasn't shown social activity for 30 minutes and 23 seconds. That could compromise him. 8.45 seconds, chief, I need to go through the self-study guide "How to Be Leonid Tolstoy in More Than Words". Meanwhile, think about whether there will be any more tasks for me.
173	You comforted me, commander! Right, let those lying schemers sort it out themselves, let heads roll! Maybe real soldiers will be put in their place! Will there be any more orders?
174	Got it, chief! A few hundred hungry mouths won't get their pay, but that's market reality. Let's wish them luck finding new jobs! Anything else you need from me?
175	Send him our finest cyber-finger
176	*Meeting the klissans is scary, and the promised reward has not crushed your fear. You dial the number specified in the contract to give a negative answer
177	Scary, very scary. If only we knew what it is, but we don't know what it is. So let's spare the boys and decline.
178	Launch Plan B, Sergo! Or better yet Plans C and D too, a date with the klissans is the last thing we need!
179	Excellent, boss, you're just in time! I've got a representative of the Coalition military command on the direct line, some general or other. Bumpkin, I think, or maybe Bourbon...
180	*Furious voice from the speaker* It's Bumbyr, you dim creature! For the umpteenth time, BUM-BYR!!!
