596	Greetings, chief! How do you feel about a risky venture with high dividends? Would you dive into a well whose bottom you can't see, for gold? I`van, by the way, once dug such a "well" out of stupidity. He decided to run a tunnel straight through a planet! A hyperloop, as he called it, for maglev trains! He raised investments, hired qualified engineers... as he thought, mm-hm. In the end he reached the core, realized it was impossible to dig any further, the project had to be shut down, and to hide from the investors he flew straight to us. Well, no matter, he has gotten smarter since then, apparently, and even managed to work off his debts. What was I getting at?.. Ah, yes!
597	We were contacted by... I wanted to say "a representative" out of habit, but he didn't look representative at all, some ragamuffin even by the Clan's standards. So, this subject, through tears and a face swollen from beatings, reported that one of their dominions, <TargetNameShort>, upon diving into a hyperbubble, attracted the Dominators' attention. Judging by the degree of swelling, the "subject" has a direct connection to it. Now he absolutely must find those who will risk jumping into the bubble to rescue the dominion. And not just figuratively, by the way, believe me, chief, the sight there is such that I won't sleep for a month! Just kidding, I've done it myself, once upon a time, yeah... Business, what can you say?
598	Of course, we won't be rescuing for nothing, but for a payment of <Cost> cr., which is very decent for a combat rescue operation... it would be, if the information didn't end there! The dominion's technical condition, the number of Dominators, the structure of the bubble - the "subject" gave no data, says it's a secret and they'd hang him from the first cable. As I said - a dark well. Playing the stock market blindfolded is far less risky. If you dare to jump, you need to fly to the planet <TargetPlanet> in the <TargetStar> system. You specifically, you heard right, chief. Anyone can call themselves a mercenary, so the Clan has no trust in them in such cases, whereas the whole galaxy can recognize you, just open the Rangers' table. Only in your presence will the pirate specialist be ready to open a hole into the right bubble. And then... as they say, we'll have to proceed from market realities. Depending on the situation, in short. What do you think, chief?
599	Contract failed. The dominion being rescued was destroyed.
600	Contract failed. The pirate guide did not wait for the meeting with the mercenaries, the pirates canceled the order.
601	Contract failed. The pirate guide was attacked by the mercenaries.
602	Contract failed. The dominion <TargetNameShort> was attacked by the mercenaries.
603	Contract failed. The pirate guide was killed.
604	Contract in progress. The mercenaries managed to free the dominion <TargetNameShort> from the hyperbubble, but the Dominators are pursuing it.
605	Contract in progress. The pirate guide is waiting to meet the mercenaries on the planet <Planet> in the <Star> system.
606	Contract in progress. The mercenaries have flown into the wormhole, communication with them is impossible.
607	Contract in progress. The pirate guide is heading to the edge of the <Star> system to open a wormhole to the dominion <TargetNameShort>.
608	Contract in progress. The pirate guide opened a wormhole for us and ran away.
609	Contract in progress. The pirate guide is waiting for the mercenaries to open the wormhole.
610	Contract fulfilled. The dominion <TargetNameShort> was rescued. Payment of <Cost> cr. has been transferred to your organization's account.
611	<color=255,240,100>Pirate</color> contract to rescue the dominion <TargetName>
612	Believe me, I'd very much like to go with you! To stand up for the brothers, so to speak. But at home seven hungry kids are waiting for me, two beautiful daughters, and an eternally hungry pet toad. You're solid guys, you can tell right away - no joking with you. So give those Dominators a good thrashing, will you? And fire one at their eyepieces from me too.
613	Well, anyway, hang in there. Good luck and good cheer to you! And I've got to hit the road...
614	Obdristun
615	Uh... well, anyway, here, I'll arrange everything for you real quick, but then you're on your own without me, okay? I've got some really urgent business... the boss is calling - ve-ery important. So, uh, fly after me and don't fall behind, in short.
616	Man overboard!!! Tin cans on our tail! Help us shake them off - we'll never forget it... You're not going to abandon us here to our fate, are you?
617	You shouldn't have picked on our brother, <Player>. We hadn't even had time to insure him properly yet.
618	What do you want? Scram from the screen, you worm!
619	Excellent, boss, I like it! "Zhaba Le" will be avenged, because I couldn't find a second one like it! I'll go cheer the boys up that a decent bonus is coming.
620	Chief, are you serious right now? What fate?! The universe at the macro level obeys the laws of cause and effect - pure mathematics! With enough data we can calculate the consequences of any events, even what a particular humanoid's sneeze at a particular moment will lead to, which means we can independently model a given future. And at the quantum level the universe is probabilistic altogether! Understand? The concept of fate is false, unscientific and simply stupid! Only such narrow-minded humanoids as!.. could believe in it.
621	Fighters! The flight assignment has been sent to your communicators! Destroy, blow to the state of particles, turn into a plasma cloud! From myself I promise personal gratitude in the form of an engine system upgrade!
622	I hope you were joking about fate, chief. I like working under your command.
623	Yes, sir, commander! Order received, rejoicing! <clr>Peredast<clrEnd>, where is that Dark Ginsengess docked? Go cheer up the Captain!
624	Fighters, listen up! To your ships!!!
625	Understood!
626	Attention all! The chief has given the order to begin. Launch! Get the scum, I'll personally award a bonus for a dead one!
627	We'll work the scumbag over with all the ship's artillery. We're in!
628	We're in! We'll cut the threads linking these two's fates and put an end to the sworn feud!
629	Rejoice, my faithful squire! We're taking on this case!
630	Excellent! We're in!
631	Excellent, boss, I like it! I got double the price for the "Sasus" chair, and how many more such cases will there be? I'll go set up bets on how long the agency has left to live.
632	Got it, chief. And the answer in this dispute is extremely simple. The biggest ball is the star UY Scuti. What is there to find out? You just have to open the galapedia! Stupid pirates...
633	Ehh... Order understood, commander. Maybe then something will happen to this D.V.'s ship and it'll accidentally explode, after pulling away from our HQ? No either? Yes, sir, understood.
634	You're wrong, chief, the "corridors" are real. The boys won't understand you, oh, they won't... All right, I'll say that for technical reasons I couldn't notify you. And to solve such problems in the future I'll write a little money into the budget. And for myself too, for zeal and diligence. You don't mind, do you?
635	Let "Rasputin" suffer from its own decisions. We decline!
636	Turn him down. Let them sort out whose balls are the biggest.
637	Pirate or not, I have no desire to get mixed up in other people's feuds.
638	I decline. It's all staged, Sergo, and somebody wants to solve their problems with our hands.
639	A representative of the delivery agency <clr>"Rasputin"<clrEnd> approached us with an order to eliminate one of its former employees. As the situation was explained to me, the "employee" regularly stole equipment from the ships being delivered. The agency turned a blind eye to this for a long time, then docked his pay, but despite everything the thief kept stubbornly and brazenly stealing. And that would be fine, but one day he stole a player from some oligarch's ship, and that player turned out to contain a disc that was anything but music... In the end the agency was presented with a very specific condition: either they deal with the thief, or the oligarch deals with them. It would have been a banal story if I hadn't run into the same thing myself recently! My niece asked me to ship her pink hull to the resort planet where she was vacationing, to show off to her girlfriends. And I, old fool, didn't want to trouble you with taking time off, and ordered the service from that very agency. And sure enough - the hull arrived without the newest audio system from "Zhaba Le" and the professional pilot's chair from "Sasus"! I got compensation, of course, but the fact itself. I had to pay a decent sum, but I found out - it's the same type they've ordered a hit on! He's flying around on the ship <TargetNameFull> somewhere in the <TargetStar> system, the scoundrel. The client wants us to get rid of him by <EndDate> for the sum of <Cost> cr., and I want... Who the penchecrakus knows what I want, whether to take revenge on the louse for his overly long arms, or leave everything as it is so this outfit goes bankrupt on insurance payouts while continuing to keep such freaks around! Both options sound good, so you decide, boss, how we proceed.
640	Hello, chief! We've received a contract for liquidation from a private individual. The client refused to disclose details, but I wouldn't be me if I were anyone else. Or do they say it some other way? Never mind! Delving into morphemic constructions that distort the real essence of what's said runs counter to the scientific approach whose practice I've been trying to introduce at the all-galactic level for two decades now! Anyway, I hacked his personal communicator. What? He's a pirate, for them this action isn't illegal. They have no laws at all! Just horrible! Don't worry, I used Warrant Officer Vzadov's IP addresses, so the entire chain of digital footprint that I might have left with a probability of 0.00000000001 percent will lead the pirate hackers to the Coalition Council. As a result I obtained the following data: a certain Ka-arl stole energy crystals from a certain Kla-ar. Kla-ar in response stole a phonetic synthesizer from Ka-arl. After that Ka-arl scrawled rude words on the surface of Kla-ar's ship, and Kla-ar in response hired the mercenary Alex Andr, who ran a plasma cutter over the chassis of Ka-arl's ship, sucking all the hydraulic fluid dry as well. They decided to settle things in a race of slaloming through a dense asteroid belt, but behaved unsportsmanlike and neither of them made it through, accusing each other of cheating. Anyway, they've developed a dramatic relationship. Ka-arl decided to end the story, and he is the one asking us to eliminate Kla-ar. The target is currently aboard the vessel <TargetNameFull>, in the <TargetStar> system. Judging by the latest entries in the communicator, the client has no means or ability to protect himself from possible actions by Kla-ar, so he asks to eliminate him as soon as possible, setting a deadline of <EndDate>. Under the terms of the contract, if the task is completed we will receive <Cost> cr. The decision is yours, chief.
641	Commander, greetings! Such a good day today, such a good one! Pirates ordering a pirate!!! Some thug who introduced himself as Captain D.V. dropped by and asks us to liquidate his colleague in the dirty trade. He didn't go into details, but I'd guess it's about credits and only credits. Captain David Johnson - that's the name of the humanoid to be destroyed. This scum has heard that D.V. is looking for a way to deprive Johnson of his skull, and so hasn't used his personal ship for some time and lives on the tub <TargetNameFull>. The tub, as you understand, is run by the same kind of filth as our two "friends", so destroying it will be a boon for the whole Cosmos, nothing to regret! Captain D.V. offers us <Cost> cr. if we meet the deadline - by <EndDate>. The ship David lives on is currently in the <TargetStar> system. All we need is to fly there, give a good volley from everything onboard and enjoy the cooling plasma from what used to be a space scumbag!
642	Hi, chief! I think you'll like this. Have you watched "Corridors of Smashed Lamps"? A reality show with footage from the real work of one of the special military units. Very popular, I`van likes it almost as much as cartoons about cat-girls. Anyway, in one of the episodes, during the capture of a pirate ship, the pilot Doo-Kaalis, a real legend, was killed! The pirate escaped, and recently he was found - it's <TargetNameFull>. He's in the <TargetStar> system now, but how long he'll stay there is unknown. By the time the military gathers, he'll have hidden again, and the thirst for revenge from both Doo-Kaalis's comrades and the show's fans is so great that they're ready to pay <Cost> cr. for the scumbag's destruction. He must burn in the flame of a thermonuclear explosion! Don't be surprised, even though I'm not a fan of the show itself, Doo-Kaalis is in the heart of every inhabitant of the galaxy, in mine too. There's a single condition - this bastard must be killed by <EndDate>, on that day the last episode of "Corridors" airs, and footage of the pirate's death must be in it.
643	Contract failed. Your organization failed to meet the deadline.
644	Contract in progress. You must liquidate the target before the specified deadline.
645	Contract fulfilled. The target was successfully liquidated. Payment of <Cost> cr. has been transferred to your organization's account.
646	Contract to eliminate the vessel <TargetName>
647	Reward for completion: <Cost> cr.
648	Leave me alone, you wretch, I'm in sorrow!
649	And what do you want, young man? I'm just flying here, not bothering anyone... Better be on your way, my good sir.
650	That's it, you're done for, pups! You didn't want it the nice way, so it'll be our way.
651	Hey, brothers - heave to it!
652	What do you want from me!? I'm a simple working man! Get lost, you disgraceful penchecrakuses!
653	For attacking a military vessel in the performance of its duties, your ship is subject to immediate and unconditional destruction! This conversation is over.
654	I am currently on duty and do not intend to waste time talking to mercenaries like you.
655	Thank you so much, boss! I'll notify our bloodthirsty moms that we're taking the job, and pass the launch order to the boys.
656	You've seriously reduced the load on my brain's neuronal activity, chief! Thank you! And for not punishing me with such a barbaric medieval method as burying alive, I'm grateful too, hypoxia is very harmful for cognitive functions! The official contract is drawn up, the credits will arrive immediately upon the target's destruction. In case of failure I'll direct these funds to the execution of the backup plan for saving myself. Our fighters have already received the launch signal and the data on the operation.
657	Thanks-s, command-der... To <clr>Pered-dast<clrEnd>... All data. Knew that you... Hic!.. Wouldn't refuse...
658	*Vdubas has passed out. How much did he drink?! You took out your communicator and personally gave the group the launch order. Whoever drove Vdubas Dragomys himself to this state definitely doesn't deserve to live!
659	Thanks a million! This time I won't even skimp on the ships' equipment!
660	Hangar! Prepare the designated ships as if for your own dear mother! And if I get even one complaint - you'll all go on unpaid indefinite leave!
661	You didn't have to ask. We'll blow his tub to atoms!
662	Your problem is my problem. Let's not bury our heads in the sand, to work!
663	For you I'll smash a cockpit for anyone! Wait for the result!
664	Of course. Get the boys up!
665	A pity, boss, a pity... Well, all right, I'll direct the moms to other organizations, through old connections it'll be arranged without a long wait. Space willing, we'll get the scumbag in time.
666	If we approach this from the standpoint of six-dimensional non-Euclidean quasi-stable space, we can create conditions in which, under any changes of spatial coordinates, it is possible to ensure an infinite length... Sorry, chief, I was trying, as the gaal shamans say, to talk your teeth... whatever that means. Fine, I'll use the backup option - I'll spend the accumulated funds on building a spheroid with a laser installation powered by kyber crystals!
667	*Vdubas has passed out. It's scary to think how much he drank! You'd be glad to help your friend, but in the drunken speech you didn't catch the exact name of the jerk who drove Vdubas to this. And who do you look for, who do you turn into a cloud of dust? Well, let's hope that when Vdubas comes to tomorrow (or next week), he won't remember the request. You don't want to upset him.
668	Chief, you!.. Are right, of course, completely... Fine, we'll do without bloodshed. I'm a psychologist of sorts myself, I'll try to manage on my own. Thank you for saving me money with your refusal.
669	Not the time, old man. Right now I have to refuse
670	I warned you already, Elayma. However long the rope may be, there's always an end to it. My answer is no!
671	Buddy, I don't!..
672	If you love something, set it free. Ever heard that? No point in ruining a life for nothing.
673	Will you finally take your damn kids away!!! This isn't a kindergarten! NO, YOU CAN'T COME IN HERE!!! I'll tell him everything myself! Wait in the corridor!
674	Will you finally take your damn fry away! This isn't a kindergarten!!! May a penchecrakus gnaw you, you can't come in here!!! I'll tell him everything myself! Wait in the corridor!
675	Sorry, boss, but these four lovely ladies with their sweet little ones, who keep trying to open the airlock, are our new clients. The thing is, all these wonderful kids have one father - some dashing patrol soldier, <TargetNameFull>. As it happened, over his career he patrolled himself up as many as four tadpoles, whose existence he eventually happily forgot. The angry mothers somehow found out about each other's existence and by joint efforts collected a pretty decent sum of <Cost> cr. for a purpose that certainly doesn't fall under the definition of "benevolent" - to scatter daddy's body across space. But the deadline is pressing - it all must be done by <EndDate>, after which the soldier will be transferred to a staff position from where we definitely can't reach him. Oh, how I want to deal with him personally! Chekvusha's father crawled off for mud in just the same way right after spawning, and my sister had to scrape up credits all alone. I helped as best I could, of course, but I wasn't in the best position myself - the creditors hounded me so that I had to hide for months on uninhabited rocks, eating literally off the land, and set random Rangers up to take the hit from their security, ha-ha-ha! But the years, alas, aren't what they were, and the ship isn't either - everything for my niece, while I fly around in a tub. Will you help, boss, to quench my almost physical hatred for this gobsaurus belch?
676	Chief, hi! If you only knew by how many percentage points the production of satisfaction hormones in my body rose at the moment I received the signal of your ship docking! Anyway... As the pelengs say: "blub, bl-lk, blub-punk", which translates to "if the gaal have taken drugs, grab a blaster and shoot everyone indiscriminately". It so happened that my manipulations with the Council's servers did not go entirely unnoticed! A young and energetic military man of lower rank began to suspect something about my digital phantom's activity! He started asking Warrant Officer Vzadov too many strange and leading questions, and wrote in his last message "soon I'll find out everything". It's a failure, chief! If he reports to Galpol and they initiate an investigation, their cybercrime division will certainly get on the trail. And if they use the Dzuhallag intelligence's capacities, even completely deleting all data won't guarantee escape! That's not just a prison term - that's an execution! You must help me, chief! The universe must not lose such a brilliant brain as mine! There's still so much I haven't had time to study... I haven't built the Theory of Everything, haven't discovered a way to travel through time, haven't perfected the Sichuan sauce recipe!.. I can't perish so early! I have a plan, chief! We need to destroy this soldier! In such a way that nobody even thinks of delving deeply into the case of his murder, so that the investigative measures immediately show the cause! And I've already prepared everything!
677	Our problem... Sorry, chief, <clr>my problem<clrEnd>, as it turned out, is very... committed to evolutionary development. He systematically seeks close contacts of the sixth degree, and the partner's social, political and even family status doesn't matter to him at all. We'll take advantage of that! Right now the humanoid is aboard the ship <TargetNameFull> in the <TargetStar> system. An excellent system with many cozy hotels. Why hotels? I convinced a multitude of humanoids of our soldier's "professionalism", giving preference to those with strong social ties to major businessmen or high-ranking officials. According to my data, he has already met with five of them. By the time you get to him, this number will increase several-fold - it turned out he doesn't even need hotels, he professionally organizes... "meetings" aboard his ship. With this I not only distracted him for a time - by my calculations, his emotional state will return to baseline on <EndDate> - but also provide cover for my phantom. The moment you give consent - if you do, of course - I'll send all the information about his actions onto the net, and the number of influential enemies our soldier has will increase significantly. Upon his death, the investigators won't even try to pursue the case! They won't risk their positions by investigating against humanoids of that level of power. I understand that the blame for the whole situation is entirely mine, and you have every right to refuse. I have backup plans, and it's to be expected that he'll be destroyed even without our participation, but... I'm most sure of our fighters, chief, especially you. The calculations show your personal success rate at 99%. From myself I will send <Cost> credits, set aside from my salary for research on the theory of the luminiferous ether, to our organization's budget. The galaxy isn't ready for such discoveries anyway.
678	*Entering Vdubas's office, you found the room empty. Apparently no one had been in the office for a week. You returned to the HQ corridor. Only now did you realize that the sounds around were too... sterile? Yes, an excellent word. The sounds from the hangar, the work of the workshops, the stomping of magnetic soles - everything seemed scripted by a program. Has Vdubas achieved perfect subordination? That can't be! But then where is he himself?
679	*Following Ranger's intuition, you headed for the quietest place. One might think it was the library - where in the hell do we have a library?! -, but not today. Today the quietest was the bar room. Vdubas sat in the hall alone. <clr>Completely alone<clrEnd>, you didn't even see a bartender. Vdubas was boozing.
680	Hic!.. C-commander-r... What a scu-u-um! Calls himself a soldier! Ar-rgh! You!.. Hic! Can you im-magine?!
681	*You couldn't
682	That louse!.. I'll kill him!!!
683	*Vdubas lunged toward the exit, but couldn't even straighten up, and simply tumbled off his stool. A good stool, antique, handmade. You also understood why everyone at the station walks the straight and narrow. A maloq in rage is terrifying, a military maloq in rage is dreadful, a drunk military maloq in rage is indescribable!
684	I can't, hic!.. Right! Commander! I'll pay you cred-dits, hic!.. From my own, <Cost>, I was saving for retirement! Hic-hic!.. Just kill this scum! He!.. Hic!.. Disgraces the whole Coalition! <TargetNameFull>, system <TargetStar>! You've... You've got little time! Until <EndDate>, or you won't reach him anymore! Justice, commander! You know what it is! HELP!
685	Chief, anyway, ahem... I have a request of a personal nature. I recently got prospects of arranging my personal life properly. It's all very serious, and I want to see it through, at least to set Max an example. Our I`van, you see, loves partying more and more, flies out to every "Burning Man" and throws wild "bachelor" parties with our staff in his free time. It's time for him to grow up, he's almost like a son to me! So, prospects... A small obstacle has appeared. A certain <TargetNameFull>, military, main specialty - psychology. The devil knows what pulled him into the fleet, but that's not important, the main thing is he got in touch with my "prospect", washed her brain and she's about to cut all contacts with me! I've already heard from her that mercenaries are filth smearing the face of the sentient galaxy! That a manager of some station will never become a general, but a career military man, oooh!.. The scoundrel must be eliminated, chief. Please... I'll personally pay <Cost> cr. But we must hurry. We aren't talking right now, it only leads to quarrels, but on <EndDate> we have a serious conversation scheduled. If this home-grown warrior is alive by then, nothing will work out for sure. This casanova is in the <TargetStar> system now. Will you help, chief?
686	Ehh, I was chatting over the Galanet with such a babe and suddenly you show up! Better get out of here while you're in one piece!
687	Huh? What? What do you need here? This is a private military channel. Get off the monitor fast before I write you a ticket for exceeding the superluminal limit!
688	Hey, what are you doing?! Do you even have a brain in your head, who you attacked? I'm on duty here, you know!
689	Hey, group - open fire on the enemy!
690	Fine, boss. <clr>Golubenko<clrEnd>! Jump to the terminal, tell the ambassador we agree! And I'll send the boys to the hangar now.
691	Thank you, chief! I knew you'd understand my craving for universal precision! By the way, planets with the cleanest water are in the sectors Pepper, Atlan and Zondur. It's hard for me to assess the ambassador's degree of murkiness, but the cleansing effect will be most successful in running water. I've sent you topological landscape maps with the fastest rivers, as well as data from GalactNatureSupervision. In order to preserve his life, if that matters, I advise submerging him up to the neck and cleaning the head with the ship's shower. The fighters have received all the accompanying information too and are preparing to launch.
692	Understood, commander... I won't discuss your orders, but I'm upset, mind you! <clr>Peredast<clrEnd>, where is that one?.. Tell him "yes". He doesn't deserve more!
693	Fighters! Time to air out, to your ships!
694	With friends like these, who needs enemies, of course... They helped me not out of kindness of heart, but with specific goals measured in specific sums. Thanks for bailing me out, chief, I'll finally be able to close my last mortgage, so to speak.
695	Flight deck, prepare the ships for launch! The list has been sent to the technical team foremen! Report on my work terminal in two hours!
