696	Sounds simple. We're in.
697	All right, you've talked me into it, we're in. We'll expose this shady character!
698	It's a rotten job, but credits don't smell, my friend!
699	Your friend is my friend, and they'll sell the drugs anyway. We're in!
700	All right, boss. <clr>Rusty<clrEnd>! Quit using on the job, go to the technicians and have them check the guns - for now we rest.
701	How can you say such a thing?! My parents' calculations during the planning of my birth were flawless! The result speaks for itself, don't you agree?! Sometimes I just want to degrade to the state of a maloq to give the insolent one a good punch for his words!.. Sorry, that was... humor? Then it's probably funny. I'll use our base's computing center to create an algorithm for rating the level of humor, you don't mind?
702	Yes, sir! I knew you'd make a sensible choice!
703	And as for this scum, I'll report to the sector administration. We won't get credits for it, but spiritual satisfaction is worth something too, am I right?
704	The Dominators could use friends like that... Understood, I'll settle the matter myself. I hope they won't charge too much extra interest on my debt...
705	Sounds dubious. We'll decline.
706	I'll decline, Elayma, and don't be so critical of mistakes, because if it weren't for a mistake - you wouldn't exist.
707	If we help every scum in power, we won't just lose to the Dominators - we'll send ourselves to the dustbin of history! We decline!
708	I'd rather the drugs never reached their destination. Turn down your friends.
709	Hi, boss! The ambassador from the planet <TargetPlanet> contacted us. Soon he is to hold important negotiations with one of the pirate khans on the planet <DestinationPlanet>. The ambassador is worried about his safety, the meeting place is in pirate territory, and so he asks us for an armed escort. Alas, we were given no more details, so we should look with all our eyes, however many of them our boys have. Reminds me of playing cards with Chekvushechka - you both know the deck is marked and keep a blaster ready under the table to shoot when things go really bad, ha-ha! The blaster is a toy, of course, but it hurts all the same when it hits you in the forehead. I know firsthand, my niece has the fastest hand in wild Rakhish, ha!
710	Anyway, for ensuring his safety the client promises to pay <Cost> cr. immediately upon return to his home spaceport. What do you think, boss?
711	Hi, chief! Do you have any data on some diplomatic activity from the Coalition toward the Clan? The data just received doesn't match the simulation predictions... According to the predictions, diplomatic activity should be at a minimum, between 1.345 and 2.678 percent, but the humanoid who contacted us a couple of days ago, introducing himself as the ambassador of the planet <TargetPlanet>, claims he conducts his activity between the planet he represents and the planet <DestinationPlanet> on a regular basis. That raises the forecast limit by seven thousandths! Imagine that?! I burned out three computing centers trying to find the error in the calculations! I almost compromised Vzadov by raising questions about why a simple warrant officer is requesting strange calculations on the Central Government's quantum computer! Do you know how much rest each of my hemispheres got? None! Impossible data, chief! Insane! Or am I the one going mad?..
712	Anyway, luckily for me, he approached us to hire an escort, and he also offers money insane for guarding a mere official, <Cost> cr. We could take the job and perhaps find out the details of his activity in the course of the contract. That would help me a lot to keep my sanity, chief!
713	Commander, greetings! These bureaucrats have completely lost their shame! Calmly, without hiding, he talks about smuggling contraband! And not some luxury, but a huge shipment of drugs! More than ten tons of "gerdain", two tankers of "bolt" and a bag of cocaynoma! Can you imagine?! What am I on about? We got a contract to guard some bureaucrat from the planet <TargetPlanet>. This scum works as a respected ambassador, trying to build relations with the pirates. Or rather, that's how it looks, but judging by what's written, the official position is nothing more than a cover, and actually huge volumes of everything one can drink, sniff and inject are regularly transported to the pirates on the vessel <TargetName>. This time too our "ambassador" is setting off on a "diplomatic mission in particularly large quantity" to a pirate khan on the planet <DestinationPlanet>. Of course, the rotten soul of our comrad-ass - and I didn't misspeak, he is exactly a comrad-ass! - trembles for his hide, because so many drugs means not only valuable credits but three, even four ranks in their clan gang. No matter what bribe you pay, there will always be a dozen people eager to rise in rank fast and earn credits easily. That's why this faeyan in a maloq's skin offers us <Cost> cr. for escorting him to the meeting place and back to his home planet. As soon as the "ambassador's" ship touches the spaceport with its landing gear, the contract will be considered fulfilled, and we'll get our money. The job shouldn't be hard, but it's definitely rotten!
714	I won't beat around the bush, chief, I'll say it straight. We need to cover a drug dealer. In his day, a criminal group now known as "Slippery Hands" helped me a lot. If it weren't for them, I might not only not be standing here, I'd be lying a couple of meters deep under concrete, yeah... The roaring 290s, you know. And now Dazykagz Sisha asks for a favor in return - to arrange an armed escort for the vessel <TargetName>, disguised as an ordinary ambassador's, escorting it to the planet <DestinationPlanet>, where he is to unload an incredibly large shipment of a potent plant-based drug. I was promised that everything would go quietly, and it would only be necessary to meet the "ambassador" on the planet <TargetPlanet>, escort him to the place, and then back. If our organization agrees, the future respect of all free robbers is ensured, and the word of such a man is no empty sound. So, chief?
715	Contract failed. The ambassador was killed.
716	Contract failed. The ambassador did not wait for the meeting and canceled the order.
717	Contract in progress. The ambassador is waiting to meet the mercenaries in the <Star> system.
718	Contract in progress. The ambassador has successfully completed the meeting and is now returning to the planet <Planet>.
719	Contract in progress. The ambassador is heading to the meeting place on the planet <Planet> in the <Star> system.
720	Contract in progress. The ambassador is at an audience with the pirate khan on the planet <Planet>.
721	Contract fulfilled. The ambassador has successfully returned to the planet <Planet>. Payment of <Cost> cr. has been transferred to your organization's account.
722	Contract to guard the vessel <TargetName>
723	Ah, so you're the head of your gang? Doesn't matter, though. Stay close, keep your guns ready and ask fewer questions - I'm not paying you for talk.
724	The meeting will last about <Wait> days. I also recommend visiting the planet <Planet>, you can get excellent star dust there!
725	Brik
726	Vorobeyko
727	Skolotov
728	Phew, everything went smooth as butter. Now we fly home. After I land at the spaceport of the planet <Planet>, you will receive the promised reward.
729	At last I've waited for you. Let's not waste a minute, I'm already late. Guard me until we reach the planet <Planet>.
730	Oh, another pathetic mercenary who fancies himself the scourge of the Galaxy. You have neither honor nor dignity, and your cheap loyalty can be bought with bloody dirty money! I can't stand people like you!
731	Ivanych
732	Stepanych
733	Fomich
734	Got it, boss, I'll make the client happy. I'll contact him personally, he bent his limbs so amusingly. What will become of him when he hears we agree, ha!
735	I'm giving our fighters the launch order, chief! I can also note that my new jumpsuit has no pockets at all, it's designed to be as comfortable and safe as possible, with no chance of snagging on any laboratory equipment. All additional containers attach with magnetic Velcro with a holding force of several hundred grams. I can make you one like it, it fits almost like natural skin.
736	Sensible, commander, I was about to give that order myself. I'll tell <clr>Peredast<clrEnd> to fly to the client like a shell and deliver the consent.
737	Fighters! To the cockpits and launch! I've already sent the flight assignment!
738	What do you mean, chief? Of course there was a discount, but before that I quoted a sum several times above standard rates. Family ties shouldn't get in the way of business, Kuzmich himself understands that perfectly. He had already grabbed for his pistol when I refused to knock off another couple hundred credits! Luckily, somehow a cucumber turned out to be in his holster, so this round of negotiations went to me. I'll go make him happy.
739	Hangar? The order to prepare the machines for launch has been sent, two hours for inspection and minor repairs! Notify the pilots, readiness in ten minutes. No booze for a week for latecomers. Inspection logbooks to my communicator immediately, our equipment is expensive.
740	I'll be back soon, chief! If you find other instructions - call at once.
741	If you fear pirates, don't fly in space. We'll risk it, I guess.
742	You sure know how to persuade, Elayma, never at a loss for words. We're in!
743	Really simple. Get the boys up and tell them to keep one gun trained on our client all the time. Just in case...
744	I bet you gave a "friends and family" discount, right? All right, give my firm "yes" and get everyone up.
745	As you say, boss. I'll go upset the client. I'll contact him personally, he bent his limbs so amusingly. When he hears the refusal, he'll surely have a real fit, ha-ha!
746	The operation doesn't even involve leaving the ship's cockpit! There will be no physical interaction with any rope products! But if you say "no" - then no. Even if it means the stagnation of theoretical science...
747	Yes, sir! A-and-and!.. Denied! Whoa! What an expression, must remember it! And this word is nice too. Ehh, I wish I'd known this phrase when I was a sergeant major...
748	Got you, chief... I won't argue, it's not for me to sit at the controls, you know better. I'll go treat everyone as an apology and look through old channels for someone reliable at a fair price. Before I go, are there any other important questions?
749	I'll trust your experience and instinct, let's not take this order.
750	A good deed won't be called a gamble. No point putting your head in a noose, let's decline.
751	The simpler a job seems, the more dangerous it will turn out. A shady type, and his dealings are even shadier. Turn it down.
752	Family ties are no reason to expose yourself to extra risk, it's a dubious deal. I'll decline
753	You couldn't have come at a better time, boss! We have a hot contract, the client was trembling all over awaiting the answer. A job simple on the surface - give one well-known smuggler a few of our boys for protection. Escort him from the planet <TargetPlanet> in the <TargetStar> system to the <DestinationStar> system, wave our weapons around to look serious, and come back. For all that - payment of <Cost> cr. But even my niece, back when she was a tadpole, would have smelled a trick! I don't know this guy, though I'm a well-known smuggler myself, I've been splashing in this swamp practically since I first managed to hold a blaster. A newbie, most likely. The rush too, everything at the last moment... He'll bury himself one day, I'm telling you, and maybe this is exactly that time. If you take it - be on your guard.
754	Hello, chief! Do you know about the theory of the determinism of the universe? It states that all events and phenomena are interconnected and each arises from another. It's believed that knowledge of all data about everything at a given moment would allow both predicting the future of the universe billions of years ahead and, conversely, deciphering the past of our universe all the way to the moment of the Big Bang! So, there's a humanoid named Kuzmich. Lives immorally, regularly tramples galactic moral norms from the side... from any side, however you look at it, yet incredibly educated, but loves risk. Amazing combinations! I accidentally landed on the processor frequency of his headquarters when I was... hac... king... the ser... vers... of the Coun... cil... sorry, chief. They have the best supercomputers! Do you know what their HA-HAL-9000 is capable of? Neither do I, and I do so want to!.. Sometimes so much that I surprise myself - where does so much enthusiasm come from? At times I'm ready to risk my most deeply embedded digital agent, Warrant Officer Vzadov!..
755	None of that matters! I can predict what you'll do - you'll scold me and let me go "think about what I've done". We know we need each other, right? The main thing is that this Kuzmich is the perfect subject for studying the deterministic theory. His actions are so chaotic that they cast doubt on the very foundations of the theory, even with full access to the neural activity of his brain. Surprised that I can get even such data? Oh, it's very simple - he has cyborgized himself so much that there's practically nothing I don't know about... Ah, I do know. I know everything about him! But even so, the connection between past and future is incredibly blurred and variable - an ideal candidate for calibrating algorithms! And now he's gotten into some venture whose essence isn't quite clear to me. But I want to swear like the last maloq losing a war, because Kuzmich found an ancient artifact that blocks most signals, and my tracking abilities are limited... We need to take part in his action ourselves, whatever it is! Don't worry, not just for the sake of it - the operation carries the risk of armed confrontation, and so Kuzmich's representative in this undertaking is looking for reliable protection. I blocked the accounts of every likely mercenary, and now we're the only ones capable of providing support.
756	Kuzmich's representative values the operation at <Cost> cr. He will be waiting for the escort in the <TargetStar> system, his ship, according to my data, has already undergone maintenance on the planet <TargetPlanet>. As soon as the escort arrives, he will head to the <DestinationStar> system. After that the situation is extremely unpredictable, so I won't even venture to guess - we must listen to the representative and follow his instructions. Believe me, chief, this is very important for science! And I'd recommend you agree even without payment!
757	There's a contract, commander. And I don't like this contract. It's as simple as teaching a one-year-old to shoot a railgun: there's a certain... can clients still not be insulted?.. merchant, spe-cia-liz-ing... Spe-ci-a-li-zing-IN! In selling various things banned in some places and even more banned in others. A private individual, works for no one, answers to no one. And should, at least to the galactic police! He writes that though he himself is no slouch, his client is a humanoid even cooler. He requested an escort from us ahead of a new business meeting, not so much for protection as to lend weight to his person. Nothing complicated, circle around nearby, glint our blued artillery barrels in the rays of the star <DestinationStar>. We meet our probable ward on the planet <TargetPlanet> in the <TargetStar> system, fly wherever he says, wait for the successful deal and back to the hangars, awaiting the deposit of <Cost> credits into our account. I'm telling you, it couldn't be simpler!
758	What a mess, huh? Why is form 3.14 next to protocol B-52? And what's this? A supply request form per SORT15? I've been looking for it for so long, and it's already obsolete! Went on a two-week vacation, he said, left I`van Max in charge! Surely he was off in the clouds instead of working, dreaming of flying to Yepstein's island, I'm telling you! Well, never mind, I've got so much dirt on that sly-tailed peleng, it'll all fly onto the net now, so he stops corrupting the work discipline of the team! Oh, chief! Hi!
759	Sorry for the little labor mess. Give me half an hour and everything will be in perfect shape! Came to find out how the orders are going? Not bad, the organization is growing. The fighters take all sorts of small things, escorts, killings, ordinary courier orders - same as everyone. But there's serious work too, of course. Just before you arrived my uncle asked for a favor. A rare scoundrel, in fact, but in his day he nearly replaced my father. If it weren't for Kuzmich, I might be working somewhere at the NB tech department for minimum wage and never have seen anything beyond my office... Anyway, he has a deal coming up, but he drank a lot recently. He no longer remembers himself what he mixed with what and in what quantities, he only knows there was more than alcohol in it. He's been suffering a hangover for a week, even the medical specialists among the gaal don't understand how to treat such a thing. And the deal is very serious. He found a replacement pilot, but the humanoid is shady. The planet <TargetPlanet>, like the whole <TargetStar> system, is completely "ours", so control over the cargo before the hyperjump will be total, and after that come disputed territories, and we need our own people. Mostly for controlling the courier's actions, but an armed clash with competitors can't be ruled out either. The deal itself will take place in the <DestinationStar> star system. As soon as the courier with the money returns to the planet under Kuzmich's "eyes" - the pay of <Cost> cr. will be ours. So, shall we take it, chief?
760	Contract failed. The smuggler was killed.
761	Contract failed. The smuggler's goods were lost.
762	Contract failed. All potential buyers of the contraband were destroyed.
763	Contract failed. The smuggler did not wait for the meeting and canceled the order.
764	Contract in progress. The smuggler is waiting to meet the mercenaries in the <Star> system.
765	Contract in progress. The smuggler has successfully completed the deal and is now returning to the planet <Planet>.
766	Contract in progress. The smuggler is heading to the meeting place in the <Star> system.
767	Contract in progress. The smuggler is conducting a deal in the <Star> system.
768	Contract fulfilled. The smuggler reached his hideout. Payment of <Cost> cr. has been transferred to your organization's account.
769	I don't know you and don't want to. Get off the screen!
770	Ugh, the devil take all these lawmen! Well, what are you standing there for, mercenaries?! Distract them while I haul my bucket to the transition point. If I don't make it to my lair, you won't see my dough!
771	- Howdy, lads! So, how are you doing? What are you breathing? And where's <color=255,240,100>Kuzmich</color>, did he get lost or what?
772	- Who the heck knows. Said his head's buzzing from the hangover, so we should fly to rub it out ourselves.
773	- Well, never mind, it happens. All right, we do as usual - I drop the goods and you transfer the dough. Well, on count four...
774	Cool outfit you've got, chief! Stylish, solid, and tasteful. If you ever need guns on the cheap - come to me, I won't cheat you on the price.
775	Gray
776	Luvrentiy
777	Chronson
778	So you'll be the ones guarding me? Well, good, I see you're serious guys. By plan everything should go smooth as laminate, but you must understand yourselves that all sorts of things can happen in open space...
779	In short, now we all jump together into the <Star> system - the meeting will take place there.
780	- Nobody move! Organized Sector Crime Unit! You are detained on suspicion of violating article <color=255,240,100>1894</color> of the Galactic Criminal Code "On the illegal trafficking of banned goods in particularly large quantities"!
781	- Scumbag <color=255,240,100>Kuzmich</color>! He sold us out, the louse! Run for it, lads!
782	Scrawnyard
783	Underpay
784	Overtime
785	Pensionaut
786	Depressit
787	Got it, boss. I'll send <clr>Golubenko<clrEnd> right now to put together a team of our best combat nannies. The scarier and uglier the better, ha-ha-ha!
788	Understood, chief, I'm sending the flight assignment to our fighters' communicators. And also... Is galactic currency really that tasty? According to my data, credits in physical form are engraved platinum plates, and metal tastes... like metal. May I, upon your return, study... you? An extremely curious phenomenon!
789	Exactly, commander! Into the flowerbed of the maximum-security regime!
790	Fighters! Time to think of the children! To your cockpits!!!
791	Watch it with such talk, chief. After such negotiations our reputation won't be saved even by a sauna break with a crate of Makhpella Dark. It'll take a good number of extra credits, you understand? Anyway, I got you, I'll send the orders to prepare ships to the hangar and to the pilots in... wherever they are: bar, brothel, library. Yes, we have a library, and it's even in demand! Any more tasks, chief?
792	If he's such an orator, there won't be any problems with kids either. We're in!
793	I love the taste of easy profit! Accept the contract!
794	Children are the flowers of life, even if some of them ought to be planted firmly. We're in, our fighters definitely won't let us down!
795	The money's decent, we're in. And I know how to talk to kids, even they understand the language of artillery.
